but I think the main thing here is that
the work is not just what we do together
it's what you do in your mind after we
talk
there we go hello you got a haircut yeah
you like it looks good man clean
I'll make I have to make it so bright
for you to see me see it's blowing out
okay because we could go like this or
something all right
you I want you to see my body language
really well you know this is this better
than the previous angle yeah doesn't
really matter to you just the straight
chest no previous dreams I mean I I like
both of them
okay I think I actually like the other
one a little bit more just because the
microphone isn't in the way of your face
but don't worry about it let's just I
can move it yeah okay because how you
been man amazing really good and I think
it's pretty much thanks to you I think
everything started working out as soon
as we started talking it's not a
coincidence just everything in my life
is just working all the time um feel
very confident uh a bunch of girls
started liking me all of a sudden uh-huh
yeah didn't I didn't I guess I'm
different somehow
yes but doing a little better with
trading which I've always been good at
but now I'm actually really doing well
but the markets also being are crazy
okay not necessarily better with like
business deals cuz of everything
everything else that's about the same
maybe actually when I'm more sad I do
those better because I don't get excited
it's important not to show any emotion
if I get show that I'm getting excited
or not or upset in a business
transaction it seems good to pokerface
it okay right and I
I got worse I think from being happier
that's the only thing in my life that
got worse so what do you mean by happier
I wake up and I don't want to kill
myself
thanks to you pretty service yeah yeah I
mean that's a plus I I don't I don't
know so I I appreciate that you know you
feel I'm somewhat responsible for this
I'm grateful for that I think is I tell
most people you know we spend
we've spent one hour a week together
over the last what is it two months like
on average like we've spent like a total
of six hours together over a two-month
period right yeah so I I just don't
think that like as a scientist I don't
think that six hours invested in one
what do you think has been your hand in
this I mean I've definitely done stuff
but you see you have you being there to
guide me in the right direction even if
you just talk to me for five minutes I
could end up dwelling in thinking about
it for one thing you say I could think
about for a hundred hours right for the
whole every waking hour of the week I
could think about it okay um so I got 16
waking hours a day 78 plus forty two
hundred twelve hours right 112 hours of
therapy happening from one thing you say
I take it through the with me through
whole week kind of thing yeah but that's
the key thing so that I all except in a
moment I mean I'll agree with that but I
think the main thing here is that the
work is not just what we do together
it's what you do in your mind after we
talk that's where the real money is
right that's where and this is what I've
seen reckful like and I've worked with a
lot of people is like some people take
what we do together and they implement
it and they think about it and they
reflect on it in between our sessions
and those are the people that get
dramatically better so I want to commend
you while I'm getting dramatically
better yeah so I mean but like if you
think about where
the grind happen it's like I may give
you the dps rotation but then you're the
one who's practicing it out yeah I'm
really good I'm really good at doing the
max DPS once I have the revision yeah
you're and so I think I think you should
give yourself a pat on the back man why
do i why do you think it's important for
me to not necessarily deflect your
appreciation but try to add some color
to it or context you one you want me to
feel like I'm doing well working on
myself I think it's more than that so
it's not just that I want you to feel
that way it's that I want you to really
understand that I do believe that you
are instrumental in changing your life
like I don't think it's an external
force that can create the kind of change
that you're talking about I just don't
believe that about people like it can it
can be an influence absolutely it can be
a playbook absolutely I mean it's a
matter of semantics it's an influence
sure but sure that your input without
what's an example here so
in my own head thinking about what is
the correct path of action to solve a
certain problem I have mm-hmm and I'm
going between 1020 options maybe okay
and every day as a struggle deciding
which one and then I pick one and I see
how it goes if it goes well sometimes
I'm like maybe that was just random that
it went well try it again and it's kind
of like this game of uh what do they
call the method where you just try
things and see if they work out brute
force no yeah but no trial and error
John they're just a trial and error of
twenty options on how to deal with a
mental problem and then when you give me
two options like I was saying previous
stream of the one before it makes it so
much easier I'm just seeing the lines
right and I'm just like oh I'll take
this one yeah
if you you cut out like the eighteen bad
options for me and I'm just picking and
everything is working great man I'm
happy to hear and that's whatever you
want to call it influence or whatever
but it was a key thing that changed me
completely everything in my life's
better okay well awesome man I'm I'm
glad I was able to influence you or I'm
glad you found our time helpful yeah
keep suggesting yeah
can we talk for a second about like
what's going well and and maybe why you
think it's going well our friend
okay I won't talk about her too much
constrained to be better not to ok she's
like super highly successful person
which I
find very attractive like we missed the
boat chat our chances our chances are
over that's I could still day you on the
side you know I think but you made this
statement that women are finding you
like more attractive now yeah it's true
it happened all of a sudden how does
that repeat there's a more confident and
they like confident is whatever right
that's part of it absolutely why does
they keep auto adjusting it's triggering
me stupid camera do it I want everything
manual hold on
listen to me camera I need to see the
other side sorry the quality got worse
okay that was weird
I'm I'm obsessive about this kind of
stuff I'm sorry I like photography [ __ ]
I don't want to deal with it right now
it's a really bad time and it keeps auto
adjusting miss don't you agree okay okay
so just it's fine so so reckful I agree
that you know there's the whole
confidence thing okay sorry I'm trying
to focus it's just really choice but it
brights it lights up the whole screen
it's very distracting good okay go ahead
I just think you're ascending into
heaven like every like 30 seconds but so
I think that there's another piece of it
which is your perception right your
perception of how attractive what you
perceive so I would I wouldn't be
surprised I should say that your person
you know you say Oh women find me like
attractive because I'm confident now and
I'm feeling better but like it's very
possible that they find you attractive
as well during your low times but that
maybe you're not able to see that what
do you think about that no well they
might but then if they do I ruin it when
I'm because when I'm during my low times
I'm very needy and I'll just like huh a
girl will like me it'll be obvious they
like me but then I'll spam her a wall of
text okay which I actually feel like I
need to do he's like no need I respond
at that moment because I feel like I'm
gonna explode in my brain I don't need
to hang out I just need like a someone
to talk to me okay
you don't talk to me and I've previously
dated a lot of like gamer girls who are
the terrible responding the worst ever
get I realized this was every gamer girl
I talk to now they're all better
responds I'm so happy to not be dating a
gamer girl no they're really bad at
responding is they're always playing
something and they're never gonna
respond so I'd always liked white text
like [ __ ] actually 50 times I'm like
I'm like dude please I'm losing my mind
like I need to talk Simon
hello like you please it just sounds so
desperate and bad and even if they liked
me originally then they don't I know I
don't sir like I need that right now
yeah yeah so so I mean I just want to
clarify so it sounds like people still
you know like you it's it sounds like
some of the feelings that you have
translated into behaviors which kind of
pushes people away when you're not
feeling well
some of the feelings I have translate
into behaviors which push people away
yes mm-hmm okay so if you're feeling if
you're feeling well right now is that
like emotionally well or like more
holistically well holistically well I
feel like everything in my life is
coming together and it actually feels
like a cheat codes on it just feels like
everything's working every time it feels
too easy everything's working all
anything I do just works and then before
everything was really hard because a
year ago my mom and I were talking about
doing a suicide pact and both dying and
now like everyone's happy
I'm happy my mom is happier now
I think she's happier cuz I'm happy a
chain reaction you guys sound close
sounds like close emotionally but we
don't talk all the time hmmm yeah so
reckful is there something in particular
that you'd like to talk about today no
okay then let me offer like one or two
things so I'd like to help us understand
a little bit about how you're doing
better and if there are certain emotions
that you feel that sometimes change your
behaviors and tend to drive people away
is there some way that we can help you
so if your overall like feeling well
sort of like spiritually there gonna be
days where you know every day you'd be
happier that awesome I'm using it as a
I'm using a guidance waking up I really
like that guy Harris
yeah he's [ __ ] awesome he's got like
him yeah I like Samaras okay so I just
want to help us understand like if
you're doing well right now and your
emotions cuz your emotions are gonna
fluctuate over time right you're gonna
have something's gonna happen and then
like your neurons I think will be good
all the time dr. kay already talking so
so when when that happens how can we
sort of buffer against those periods of
time because I think the issue now for
you reckful down that you're on an
upward trajectory is like if stocks
going down soon dude this is the peak
we're scared that's your thing this
isn't the peak no no no buddy this is
the beginning of the elevator this is
the beginning of the the elevation oh
we're in an upward trend we're just
getting started
are you sure my happiness is
got hired from here yes no way you're
just starting to live life man wait I
could get happier than this sort of yeah
everything's perfect right now
damn that's great if I really can well I
mean I don't know about happier because
that sort of quantifies it but what I'm
saying is that like you're living like
you're living like a finding it I like
quantifying everything is any numbers
guy you notice I mean yeah so so this is
what and I I don't think actually I need
to stop doing that I need to just let's
start living like a cuz I don't when you
think it sucks I realized I was I was at
a club and I realized I'd never enjoyed
a club in my life and I'm gonna [ __ ]
meditate in the club dude like with my
eyes open and I'm just gonna like enjoy
this experience
with no thoughts and then I loved it
there was that people were dancing it
like moving their bodies and the lights
were nice and then I actually danced you
know I was like damn I could see why
people like this but I've always been
thinking too much to enjoy it yes yes
reckful you're getting it man this is
just the start
this isn't me like being paranoid and
don't shatter this thing this is saying
that you are on a particular trajectory
and there are going to be waves that hit
you from side to side what I want to
help you do is figure out how can you
buffer those waves because the waves are
gonna calm down on their own there's
gonna be like a storm that happens and
then the storm will pass the main issue
now is that how do we keep you stable
enough to when that storm hits to not
forget that this is still the upward
trajectory that we will you want to go
because if you can just get through the
storm you're gonna get back to this
place if I treat my happiness like a
stalk maybe I'll be able to handle
because I don't have an emotions
attached to investing when things go up
like it when things go down no the thing
is everyone else I know they're always
freaking out I'm just like yeah that's
fine you know
maybe I could do the analogy with my
emotions where I know the emotions are
gonna come and go happiness and sadness
and overall though I'm fine yes
whatever company I [ __ ] invest in is
fine Byron's fine - exactly so that is
something in sanskrit called Vairagya or
detachment d'etat yeah it's fine
right like things are gonna happen and
it's not like a good thing right like
you can lose money and you can
experience while you're talking ability
you can try - you're gonna have days
where you're gonna feel bad and you're
gonna have days where you lose money
those are all negative outcomes me
looking honey you sure no I don't know
yeah of course I have to have it and and
and so what you need to do is just
remember that that that's just you know
it's just part of what happens like so
negative emotions are gonna be a part of
life and they don't necessarily signal
that your life is falling apart or is
going amazing
his bazaars the sounds they have
emotions the signal my life is falling
apart of going amazing I can see that
because today when I woke up with after
really bad dreams even though
everything's perfect in my life I was
actually feeling negative for a second
I felt like 30 minutes and I was like
wait everything's absolutely perfect but
I don't feel good that's just weird
but then I I as the day progressed and I
stopped feeling similar to the dreams
where I'm dying then I thought I was
okay I wish I remembered my dreams
better to tell you but I'm always dying
what was dying in a dream I wake up you
have recurrent dreams of you dying yeah
die alot are they different deaths
usually falling bhavas have dreams of
falling do you actually die or you just
hit the bottom and then you wake I never
actually see myself die I just wake up
yeah that's normal
yeah for people of your Ayurvedic
Constitution yeah for people of my
Constitution was I mean Ayurvedic
Constitution if we not talk about Vata
yet I wish I could remember the terms
better if it was all English I remember
it better I am so so petha is one of the
three like elements so all human beings
have
three kinds of elements in them and some
people have higher levels of you know a
particular element so Vata is
represented by wind and ether and so if
other people like the word ether
what does ether mean ether is the space
between things so it's kind of like the
backdrop so it's also void is a space
between things yeah it's like the space
within which other stuff exists like so
space is not like methane right so but
in which things exist is the ether yeah
that's how generally speaking
traditionally those can I see what let
me see what Google says so like you
exist within a space but that space is
like it's a thing but it's not a thing
right you were smelling colorless
volatile liquids in a sauna for the
clear sky the upper regions of air
beyond the clouds okay yeah I see so
ether ether is a cool word I have some
eath etherium cerium is it based on
ether I certainly think so yeah cuz it's
based on empty space let's do it I think
I'm doing really well on it okay rekkles
focus my god all right I'm sorry
so people like Vata or like the wind so
they tend to get interested in things
quickly they also tend to get bored with
things quickly they tend to be like
kites but tell me this no I mean yeah I
get bored of things really quickly yeah
yep so you're about that I'm Vata too so
the other features of Ava's or that
their eyes are bigger than their son is
a type person yeah personality yeah
includes personnel also includes
physical things also includes mental
characteristics
we're both vodka and how many are there
total just three dart framing
three there are three types of
personalities one's about that there are
three elements and then people have
different levels of each element and
that sort of determines your personality
types so some people are like equal
parts of two of
but you and I are both of fatah your
secondary element to spit up by the way
so that's fire B water yeah your Vata
Pitta i'm iron what any mire in water so
if it does fire and water no no your
first organism area and a secondary yep
your primary element is wind your
secondary element is fire we my
primaries wind yes I'm so okay I'm wind
absolutely and then secondaries water is
fire fire is cool I like this wait wait
did you say fire fire and water yeah so
each each this is why it is one this is
what's confessing shot yeah so that so
people have all three doshas and then
each Dora is composed of two elements
okay but let me just tell you a little
bit about vodka okay so people who have
high levels of otha also are like a TD
their mind tends to wander very once
again bata is the wind one yes the wind
one just imagine me yeah imagine a mind
like the wind blowing really hard in one
direction Oh what is my theory I'm doing
right now blowing in this direction oh
let me fix my camera over here let me do
this over here over here over here over
here over here right so other features
of Vata their eyes are bigger than their
stomachs so I would guess that you get
very very hungry but then it doesn't
take a whole lot of food to actually
like fill you up yes I ordered way too
much food and I've realized that so
stuff so that's another Vata
characteristic vodkas tend to be what we
call people with fast metabolism so you
can eat a lot and you don't won't really
gain weight easily sometimes I've gained
weight a few times but yeah mostly well
sometimes I eat like a crazy person my
shame is seeing it yeah so so highly
fluctuate a petit SAR also consistent
with vodka and taking all this
information yeah and so I actually want
to hear okay I want to hear about the
other ones okay so bit des is like fire
is fire and water soap it does tend to
be driven focused argumentative my
textbook question for pizzas or do you
have a low intolerance for the idiot
see of others hmm when they do and bit
does have well like they're just
intolerant of the idiocy of others well
sorry I I I wonder if I could change
their view with just words because the
way I think about it is the people who
are really dumb just got very bad
orangey and we're born that way I really
believe it or either we're born that way
or their environment sucked and then I
just thought their fault yeah but
sometimes I'll see a really stupid
person and someone I'm with will be like
like we have to deal with this person
someone with us like oh my god this is
so [ __ ] annoying I hate like like
this person's [ __ ] sucks I hate them
that person is more bitter than you are
yeah and then I'll say you should feel
bad for that person dude he gets so
unlucky but the brain does not work yes
so but but so that's that's like do you
see how their classes of people who are
tolerant of that in classes of people
yeah I'm not sure if I'm on board yet
because I feel like I could slowly
convince a bit sure that's lutely yeah
yeah so I'm not talking about what do
you become a button no he wouldn't come
become a Vata in the same way that a bit
that can keep you focused by like
focusing you so they can exert their
influence on you and cause you to change
in the moment but you still have a
natural predisposition to be like the
wind and they have a natural
predisposition to be more argumented I
do noticed these natural predispositions
and people yeah thing but I mean it
could be attributed to it could be if
it's changeable you don't believe in it
being changeable no no it is changeable
so so we have an option going from one
to the you don't believe in it being
changed believe in it changing within
the spectrum of still being fire water
but not fire water becoming wind okay so
this is important to understand okay so
each person has a door shot a door Shai
is a level of Vata Pitta and kapha
you're you have an inherent door show
which is called a prakruti and then your
door shuts there levels can change based
on your environment and diet and other
things so it's kind of like like
things yeah so like let's say your Vata
is naturally attend your bitthe is not
rly a six in your Gotha is naturally a
for when you get my firewater one up to
a nine if I change some things
absolutely and you can also always be
higher not necessarily so over the line
I could become higher than the wind I
could stop being the wind uh you could
in theory have a dominant other door
siya yes in theory I just it sounds kind
of academic but generally speaking
you're always gonna be the wind right
like so you're gonna have and so this is
by the way borne out in genetics so
people have done genetic analyses of
people who are like vadas fit doesn't
guffaws and it found that they actually
share like groups of genes it's specific
places yes you and I yeah okay so if you
looked at our genetic analysis like for
example we're gonna share a remarkable
number of gene alleles release because
it's not really jeans but alleles deals
what's an allele allele is a particular
variant of a gene at a gene list four
letters no Leal is like so so like hair
color is an allele at the hair color and
when you're in certain learn about
dominant recessive is an allele like
brown is an allele and yes yes exactly
right so if you had double recessive you
actually passes on right so so a gene is
actually like one location within the
genome that governs a particular thing
so like we have a hair color gene and
then some people will have a particular
allele at that gene other people have a
different allele at that gene and so
what people have people have done
analysis genomic analysis on Ayurveda
yeah I really want you to say hi to my
friend sorry I'm windy I got ideas
dragon table say how did dr. K come here
okay this is the lead designer of Evelyn
and my teammate for 10 years and Wow
okay most important hey man hello how
are you nice to meet you
nice to meet you how much does he talk
about me you
talk about you a lot he talks to you
about you a fair amount I've heard a lot
about Talib Wow okay we had it for a
long time yeah yeah he's over there here
has it has development on Neverland
going it's going great we're very happy
with how are things progressing you know
I want to talk to like alright like
streams yeah like streams for you to
talk to him right now talk to another
time okay how could you
sorry I'm really happy he's here
visiting I like um been my friend years
we still together actually more than 10
years
yeah no it's 20 20 MLG was 2009 oh okay
maybe 10 okay sorry
so reckful look I'm gonna have to get
going in about ten minutes just because
I okay I'm sorry I have another
appointment but um so I just want to
kind of so first of all I want to say
awesome that you're feeling better I'm
really glad you're feeling better I'm
glad that you felt like I was
instrumental or influential in your
change it's been awesome to be a part of
your journey I want to still talk a
little bit about and I'm happy to help
you out you know after we talked today
on stream and stuff like that if you
want to continue talking and things but
I just want you to know that like so be
careful because I want right now it
seems like your feelings and your
current situation in life are very
closely tied they're entangled and and
that's it makes sense like as you start
to feel better as you become more
confident you know the world becomes a
rosier place what I would really like to
help you do is is first of all
understand that you're gonna have days
of like negative emotion where something
could happen interpersonally something
could happen at everland you could just
wake up on the wrong side of the bed
like it could be all kinds of stuff that
could happen and then in those moments
your neurons may go back to like oh my
god like that was all an illusion like
it doesn't feel like that's the feeling
I have so I'll tell you yeah like every
time I get sad again I think that that's
the reality is that the base reality is
sadness and that I was just streaming
exactly what you said my instinct is as
soon as I feel sad for a moment when I
woke up today after the death dreams I
was like oh this is this is what it is
this is what I am I'm this person the
sad [ __ ] who wants to die this
is me and then I slowly got out of it
today though living life and being
around my friends but I keep waking up
in that reality trying to not yeah
really so I think you did awesome
meditating at the club I want you to
meditate yeah in in the same way when
you're feeling in that sadness right and
see if you can that's not the real you
but that's
also not the fake you the other crazy
thing is this you is not the real you
reckful the happy the happy you is
actually just as false [ __ ] okay there's
there's someone it's the person
underneath all that stuff there's
someone who's not independent of the
emotions they're independent promotions
there's a consciousness there's me yeah
and I think that's the person that you
actually found at the club right because
that wasn't about emotions it was like
I'm starting to believe in this [ __ ]
about note when you don't [ __ ] think
and you just are conscious there's a lot
to experience it's just like when you're
describing the strawberry taste I don't
can't say it in words what it tastes
like unless I was really good at
describing it but I can can't say it's
about the wait what did you where's the
word the word for knowing what yah yah
yah yah yah yah that's so cool I need to
I need to just live in the experiences
more than less than sorts I've been
holding me back
I keep getting in loops of thoughts that
are bad and thoughts really hold me back
so rattled
yes and now you need to be careful
because you need to detach from the
feeling good as well you don't want to
build it because this is this is
dangerous because what you're doing is
you're building this castle around your
life right now which is reckful feeling
good and this is real and that was false
and then like if you build this castle
around yourself this is still shaky
ground
you're right usually someone wouldn't
want to hear this because they're in a
happy state so they don't want to be
told to settle down but I know you're
right like yes and in the thing is
happiness is actually underneath all of
this bliss Anand is actually happiness
as an emotion but underneath that is
tranquility in bliss and peace and I
think you found that at the club right
because at the club you had thoughts you
had emotions you had this prior
experience which which was dictated by
your thinking and once you get
underneath thinking there's just this
kind of like chill sort of purse
and even below excitement I want you to
find the same person just get really
good at finding the person underneath
underneath the sadness underneath the
happiness underneath it all there's just
the real something there there's Matsui
I've never seen I've never felt in touch
with that just like you were saying I
don't have a self-worth last time
yeah I'm attached to the emotions I'm if
I'm happy I love that from jad oh this
is who I am I'm the sad person but I'm
not I haven't experienced what it's like
to just be alive exactly so the the the
unfortunate thing reckful is if you
attach yourself to the high points that
attachment is gonna stick is your mind
fluctuates back to the low you got it
make sense one of the hardest things
that I have to teach people when I'm
teaching them how to meditate is to be
detached so everyone comes in and says I
want you to teach me out of meditate
because I don't want to feel anxious I
don't want to feel depressed I don't
want to feel sad I don't want to feel
all these negative things I don't want
to feel shame the hard part is teaching
them to detach from the positive because
then you're detaching from the entire
phenomenon hmm I'm trying right now good
I can see that
I just want to become a
komm unattached to the emotions
feel cool ok so I'm very attached for
the emotions so close your eyes and once
again worried ok I'll Express first that
I'm a little worried about the timing if
you go really soon can I get it in my
head how soon the four minutes yeah five
minutes okay a little stressful but I'll
try to detach from that emotion too good
excellent now you're learning so the
first step of detachment reckful is
acknowledgement of what you feel now you
feel the pressure right the pressure
creates thoughts
it creates expectations it creates like
concerns good so now close your eyes
find the moment where inhalation becomes
exhalation
you
I love you dr. K good so feel that
emotion right so you feel that
tranquility that peace where did that
thought come from good I think I think
we're getting there good right so feel
that now return find the moment where
inhalation becomes exhalation and now
reckful oh no we're running out of time
oh my goodness if you found it yet look
at that mm-hmm look at that right cuz
earlier yours it stuck oh my god how
much long do we have how long do we have
now how do you feel right now what
emotions do you feel this feeling of not
thinking very much does it feel good
yeah yeah does it feel good I'm trying
to good as an emotion may be beautiful
right so it feels like peaceful but it's
like not it's not an on an emotional on
your character sheet there's a like
there's a there's a place for status
effects and those are temporary things
and emotions that you feel are under the
status affected box but what you were
experiencing right now doesn't go in
that box does that make sense character
I'm just playing the character doesn't
matter if the status effect is sad or
happy at the moment or nervous or
whatever
I am the character you're just something
underneath and it's just like it's just
you words are not used to describe it
right I get it I actually get it the
status effect thing it was good analogy
I'm happy that was an emotion though no
no no no so now we come to so I think
what you are now so this is there's a
word for this anand bliss so this isn't
an emotion it's like kind of this weird
thing that would the describes that's
like not quite an emotion it's sort of
like a stability yeah actually yes
yes right so this is a glimpse of
Nirvana see I like it
good strong work man I'm so happy for
you
that's quick so the other thing other
thing reckful is that you know you talk
about how good I am if you've been
[ __ ] meditating every day every day
that's that's good that's why you feel
this way I was listening navall and he
says he meditates for an hour every
single day and he says it changes his
perception of time which and now I
actually believe so then it feels like
you have more hours anyway even though
you spend an hour doing it yep I'm gonna
try to get to an hour a day slowly
[ __ ] I'm only at ten minutes right
now a day yeah that's fine so remember
that ten minutes can be way longer than
ten minutes man this is it I get it good
okay so now like I said this isn't the
peak just the beginning buddy
now just crazy Park to me though I feel
like I'm peaking everything tells me
that I'm peaking right now nope just my
past experiences when this has happened
where everything's been perfect in my
life it was a peak but it doesn't
dictate this one it doesn't mean that
this time this time I could go higher I
see that you're starting to rise in an
area that is not you may have peaked in
some part of your life like there's like
your cuz your life has ups and downs
right perfect my popularity and like
twitch stuff you can peek you can peek
all you want to in regular life but
right now you just started levelling up
a whole new skill you
unlocked a prestige class and so in a
sense like a presidency leveling up
serenity dude yeah there's a level about
words it's like you've like just
unlocked the advanced class so in a
sense sure you peaked because you have
to like max out your base class so it
kind of feels that way but you're
actually just getting started
mm-hmm gotcha
and so just keep at it buddy and uh when
will I see you again just message me
let's set up a time for like next week
okay I do want to say on stream though
is just so they know dr. K and I are
gonna start doing this off stream this
was the last one on stream yeah but uh
so we want to have a series I'm gonna
thank you very much and so I keep
getting me to a better place that's
absolutely man
so we're gonna we're gonna try to free
up you know cuz we have a lot of people
that we want to get on stream a lot of
people have asked to come on stream so
we want to make more space for them and
at the same time reckful if you know I
can continue to guide you and teach you
how to meditate and stuff like that you
know let's let's keep it going yeah I'm
excited to talk to you yeah okay they're
off stream what we did was good yeah
good all right take care thank you guys
very much
and then a reckful you streaming right
now should I just raid you